[Music]
twelve outfit mistakes that make you
look messy when we talk about a hot mess
you probably imagine someone in dirty
torn or untidy clothes with greasy
unkept hair however there are tons of
subtle mistakes in your outfit that can
make you appear less than put together
so let's see what seemingly minor
details can make or break your look
[Music]
number twelve grown out roots whether
they're darker or lighter if you've got
visible roots that are long overdue for
a touch-up it can make you appear
ungroomed and sloppy rightly or wrongly
this can affect what people think of you
as a person so if you radically change
your hair color
make sure to touch up your roots
regularly if you get tired of constantly
trying to keep up with it just dye your
hair back to its natural color beautiful
looking hair always leaves a great
impression number eleven hair tie on a
wrist we often see this with busy women
who need to do their hair on the go
of course it's quick and convenient but
this minor faux pas can ruin your whole
look imagine a woman in a beautiful
dress her gorgeous perfectly curled hair
falling around her shoulders and a hair
tie around her wrist kind of stands out
doesn't it it isn't a bracelet or watch
it goes only in your hair or your purse
save your wrists for cute accessories
and put your hair ties away
[Music]
number ten a messy bun
what messy look isn't complete without a
messy bun of course what else can you do
when your hair gets in the way and you
don't have the time or a mirror to
perfect your up to this hairstyle is
perfect when you're lounging around the
house or heading to the gym but is it
the most appropriate for work not really
instead of carelessly swooping your hair
up in a messy bun take a few minutes to
style it having some dry shampoo a small
comb and some bobby pins on you is
always a good idea after all you can
pull your hair back into a neat ponytail
or braid it it'll look way more tidy and
stylish number nine hang nails and
unkempt cuticles this might seem like
such a petty detail that no one would
ever notice but believe it or not there
are people who form their impressions on
us based on such minor subtleties even a
flawless look can be spoiled by untidy
nails so - always look your best take
care of your hands and nails regularly
get yourself some hand and cuticle cream
and a small set of nail tools it only
takes a couple of minutes a day to push
your cuticles back and trim any hang
nails if you're not sure how to do it
right
the internet can help you out number
eight the wrong shade of foundation or
powder this unfortunately is a mistake
that too many women just can't seem to
correct it doesn't matter if the shade
is too dark or too light in any case
that face obviously contrasts with the
neck the struggle of finding your
perfect shade is real there's no doubt
but most cosmetic shops have testers
that you can try so take advantage of
this
and take your time would each shade on
your chin and pick the one that best
matches your neck
there are even stores where the staff
will help you find your perfect
foundation shade number seven bag lady
in training shopping bags are perfect
when you're at the mall or grocery store
but it's not a good idea to carry one
every day along with your purse it just
makes you look cluttered and disheveled
[Music]
take a close look at what you have
inside these bags do you really need all
of that stuff you carry in both of them
probably not if you're just going to
work so clean up the space and carry
only what you need in just one bag your
shoulders will thank you number 6
underwear showing unless an essential
part of your outfit is a bra strap
slipping out from under your blouse or
your panties peeking out from your
waistline this is never an appropriate
look people around you might think that
you didn't even bother to look at
yourself in the mirror or that you lack
the modesty to care if people see your
lingerie if you don't want to give the
wrong impression
make sure your underwear stays under
your clothes it'll make you look way
classier
number five dry skin keeping your skin
moisturized is rule number one for good
skin care and fighting the onset of fine
lines and wrinkles dry skin looks not
only unhealthy in more age but also
really rough and neglected if you
normally have dry skin or you notice
that your skin dries up quite easily
always carry a moisturiser or serum with
you to freshen up again there are so
many remedies for dry skin online doing
a natural mask or using a scrub at least
once a week can significantly improve
the condition of your skin just try it
number four split ends if you're trying
to grow your hair out long
it doesn't mean you shouldn't
periodically trim it and cut off the
split ends when your ends start to split
it makes your hair look frizzy knotted
and unhealthy to avoid this unflattering
look have a hairdresser trim your ends
for you
he or she can also give you advice on
how to take care of your hair and
strengthen it to avoid breakage number
three constantly adjusting your clothes
whether it's just a nervous habit or
because a certain outfit is
uncomfortable if you keep pulling at or
adjusting your clothes it's irritating
for both of you and the people around
you it gives the impression that you
just carelessly or hardly threw on an
outfit without giving any thought to
practicality or comfort plus if you
really do have to constantly pull at an
uncomfortable garment why not just get
rid of it choose clothes that fit well
and feel good even if it's not
incredibly stylish you can Rock anything
if you've got confidence number two
lipstick on chapped lips a bright
lipstick applied to chapped lips makes
the problem look way worse it ages you
severely and it's really distracting for
someone talking to you it can't qualify
for a polished look so make it a rule
not to use bright lipstick until your
lips are healthy and smooth if you need
moisture but want some color use a
tinted lip balm if your lips are
severely dry use special treatments and
if you really must have your lipstick
try applying chapstick under it first
number one pet hair on clothes we can't
live without our little fur babies there
is no doubt about it
but unless you've got a hairless breed
your pets fur is bound to end up on your
clothes even if it's just a little bit
people will notice it on your outfit and
it's not a good look don't wear your
best clothes when you play with your pet
and even then always check for any pet
hairs on you before you head out use a
lint roller to get them off and keep a
spare in your purse car and at work just
in case what do you notice first when
you meet a new person tell us in the
comments section below don't forget to
hit the like button and share this video
with your friends so that they will
always look their best subscribe to our
channel if you're new here and want to
stay with us on the bright side of life
see you soon